[RYOMA panting]
Time sure does fly, doesn't it?
Dear Lady Eliaria Jamil,
I hope this letter
finds you well.
Hey. Always a pleasure!
[RYOMA] In the short while since
I left the care of your family
to live by myself here
in the town of Gimul,
life's honestly been
pretty amazing.
Ours sure is.
If you couldn't tell as much.
Yeah, what a morning rush!
Sorry I wasn't here
sooner to lend a hand.
Rare for you to be late.
I won't make a habit
out of it, so don't worry.
Hours always feel like seconds
whenever I'm studying slimes.
[CUSTOMERS chattering]
You bet!
Whatever your laundry
needs may be,
we're here to take
care of them all.
Next customer, please.
Right this way!
Wow! It looks completely new.
Of course.
Rest assured, we get rid
of any scum that makes
its way in here!
There you are! Good morning.
[RYOMA]
Same to you.
Things running smoothly?
Indeed.
We've got it under control!
Thank you for the reassurance.
Something sure smells good.
Oh! Good morning.
Just prepping
things for lunchtime.
It's always nice
to see your smile.
Looking forward
to another great day.
[RYOMA] Every person and
slime is working very hard
to keep Bamboo Forest
flourishing,
so as the manager,
it's my job to provide
a proper work environment
worthy of their dedication.
Hey! Morning, everyone!
Another day, another
chance to do our best!
[CALLUM, CARLA]
Right!
[RYOMA]
What?
[CARLA]
Allow me to explain again.
The time you arrived
today was perfect,
so why not make
it a routine for you?
Why so late though?
We haven't had a slow
morning since we opened.
How busy we are has
nothing to do with it, sir.
This is about how you do
all the preparation work
when you get here
before we open.
You take work away
from your employees
when you do that.
Prepping is also a
good chance to train.
And not just us,
it's a good chance
for you to train, too.
You can learn to
delegate and rely on others
to handle things.
[RYOMA] I was robbing my
own staff of opportunities.
Okay, I gotcha.
From now on,
I'll start coming in later.
Thank you, sir.
Though, there is one
more suggestion I have.
I'm all ears.
In regard to a second shop, I...
[CUSTOMERS laughing]
Hey, what's all the hullabaloo?
Almost done tying, then I'll
tell ya all about it, sir! Ha!
[RYOMA] Those guys aren't
customers of ours, are they?
They're nothing but a
couple o' crooks who came
to the wrong shop
to try 'n' complain.
Huh? We heard a bunch of
laughter, not anyone yelling
or complaining.
[MARIA]
Well... [giggles]
Hey!
Do you see how dirty
this thing still is?
Mine's filthy, too!
This shop is a joke!
--Um...
--Whoa.
The heck?
Didn't I tell you to
dirty these up so bad
they'd be stained forever?
That's exactly what I did!
[CUSTOMERS laugh]
[CUSTOMER B]
Idiots!
We ain't no idiots!
I dare ya to say it again!
[BOTH yell]
[blows landing]
[LI LING] I'll go turn
them in to the guards.
[FINA]
And there you have it, boss.
Oh.
My goodness, what a nuisance.
I guess they weren't listening
when I said we get rid of
any scum that makes
its way in here.
[RYOMA] Maybe I should give
some more thought to beefing up
security around here.
Like the glass.
Oh! Is our meeting adjourned?
I suppose.
Because I was just struck
by a wave of inspiration,
so I'm heading back
to the mines!
[RYOMA]
Okay.
I'll have the sticky slimes make
some hardening solution
to start.
Then I'll use a separation
circle to remove moisture.
Add another layer
of hardening solution.
Then blend it with
a mixture circle.
And remove moisture once again.
The more I repeat
this simple process,
the more condensed
the hardening solution
will wind up being.
Good, but it needs to
be shaped into a sheet.
Enhancement magic
didn't even crack it.
And it's clear enough
that it should work
just fine as a replacement
for window glass.
But the safety factor was
the most important part.
I'll rest easier knowing
my staff and clients
are better protected.
Excellent work!
But I'm going to need a whole
lot more of these things.
You guys up to it?
Yeah, that oughta be plenty.
I should probably get
some sleep, huh?
Huh? Never seen that dark
green slime before!
Appraisal.
Says you're a medicine slime.
But I would've remembered
making that contract.
Did you evolve, maybe?
A spear mastery skillset?
I'd bet my shop you were
a poison slime before!
I wonder what you
could've done to change
into a medicine slime, though.
Wait.
I accidentally dropped a
bottle of antidote yesterday.
Ah! No one panic!
It's gone.
I assumed the cleaner
slimes soaked it up
while I was in the other
room, but I guess not.
Was it a fluke?
Nope! The others love it, too!
So turning into a medicine
slime's just natural
with a steady diet
of antidote! Heh!
Medicine's pretty broad.
Will you show me what
kinds you can make?
If you don't mind, of course.
Oh, quite a few, apparently.
Let's appraise these.
Ointment.
Hemostat.
Antidote.
Fast poison.
Slow poison.
Fast paralysis poison.
Slow paralysis poison and
antibacterial medicine.
As extensive as
it is impressive!
I guess both medicines
and poisons count
as drug synthesis,
but what's this
"antibacterial medicine?"
"A fluid with strong
antibacterial properties.
Most effective when used
to kill viruses and germs.
However, it's harmless
to humans."
So, it's a disinfectant!
This'll definitely
come in handy.
I'll gradually make a difference
with what power I have,
one step at a time.
I've also gotta prove to
the Jamil ducal family
that I'm okay on my own
so they don't worry
about me.
Oh, you know what?
I haven't caught up
with the gods in a minute.
I've just been so busy with
my research and my shop.
I'll stop by the
church tomorrow!
That kid's back at it, doing
even more interesting things!
[RYOMA] Hello!
Happy to be with you again!
[ELIARIA] You're always on
my mind, Mister Ryoma.
Every day!
[NUN A]
Welcome.
May I ask what brings
you to our door today?
[RYOMA]
Prayer.
Ah, I see.
Continue this way, please.
Yes ma'am, thank you very much!
Huh? What gives?
I was expecting to get
sent to the gods' realm
like always, but no dice.
This must be how most
people feel when they pray
in here.
Ah, there we go.
The usual big, blank void.
Was there a specific
reason for the delay?
[TEKUN] Just that I
rarely use that power.
Took a minute for me to
figure out how it works.
Sorry.
[RYOMA] Unless Gain, Lulutia,
or Kufo got a makeover,
this must be some other god.
I'm very pleased to make
your acquaintance.
I live here now.
In Gimul, I mean, not
in your sacred realm,
so I wanted to come
and pay my respects.
[TEKUN]
I know.
I'm Tekun, god of technology
and craftsmanship.
And just talk freely, kid.
Formalities are
pointless with me,
so you can just drop 'em.
If I wanted to, I could
read every thought
racing inside your head!
I'm a smooth-talker's
worst nightmare.
And besides, I don't
like being formal.
Now, sit your butt down.
Well, in that case.
Nice to meetcha!
I'm Ryoma Takebayashi, and...
...I made those.
At least, I think I did.
Well they're actually copies
of the ones you made.
Hope you don't mind,
but I wanted a better look
at your work.
So then they're kind
of like replicas.
[TEKUN] The world you originally
hail from is Earth, right?
Yes.
One day, I was working for
a company that completely
took advantage of me.
The next, I died in my sleep
after an embarrassingly
bad sneeze.
Then, three gods who saw
my fate decided to intercept
my soul and reincarnate me
into this world as a boy.
Yeah. I heard the whole thing.
While your story's neat,
you know what I find
really fascinating?
Talents and special techniques
from another world.
[RYOMA] I'm shocked
figurine-making counts.
[TEKUN] A foreign culture
using a unique crafting method
absolutely counts!
Did you miss when I said
I'm the god of technology
and craftsmanship?
I can't get enough!
I'm only a god of
this world, though.
So while I know all
there is to know about
the techniques of Seilfall,
it's just a drop in the ocean!
I had no clue your
knowledge was limited
to your own world, so no
wonder you're intrigued!
I would be too!
Because you get it!
What also makes your
figures stand out to me
is that they were obviously
made with the utmost care.
Though it doesn't appear
to be your main craft,
you did spend a significant
amount of time honing it,
right, kid?
Creating things was a
huge hobby of mine, yeah.
And I actually did rake in
a decent amount of money
through sales and
commissions back on Earth,
which encouraged me to improve.
I couldn't slack since
I was getting paid.
Yeah, that's normal.
Great frame of mind to have.
Which is why you'd
think all artisans
would feel that way,
but they don't.
As a god of craftsmanship,
I like people who care about
doing a bang-up job.
I have no doubt.
Just curious,
but are you the only god
who's gonna show up?
Uh-huh.
See, everybody
does their own thing
and occupies their own area.
What looks like a hollow,
white void to you
is different for us gods.
And what feels good
to the God of Beasts
may feel off to the God of
Magic or the god of Earth.
But once they find their spot,
they build what humans
would call a home
and live there.
Gods make homes?
I never would've guessed it.
This "spot" is where you live?
The table really
ties it together.
Nah!
I'm perfectly content
being homeless.
I'm just not meant to stay
in one place for too long.
Technologies and crafts
exist every which way
you turn.
So, I'm happiest traveling
about as I please,
learning as I go.
But I can tell you the place
we're having this little chat
is connected to Seilfall.
If you're confused,
it's probably because
I'm not the best at
explaining this stuff.
I understand the fundamentals,
but words are tough.
Sorry, kid.
Try Fernobelia.
He'd break it down for ya,
no doubt about it!
Who's Fernobelia?
I've never come across
that name before.
[TEKUN] Thought maybe you
knew 'im for some reason.
He's the God of Magic
and Academics.
Then again, he does close
himself off in his realm,
so it makes sense
that you haven't met.
As for what he does
in that realm,
your guess is as good as mine.
But I'd be surprised if
there's anything that guy
doesn't know or
can't explain to you.
Thing is, he rarely
speaks to anyone,
even if his audience is a
fellow god like yours truly.
But, hey, you never know, kid.
You might luck out and
meet him at least once
in your life.
[RYOMA] Sounds like there
are lots of types of gods.
Sure are.
I think this means my
prayer time is up.
There's still so much
I wanted to talk about.
[RYOMA]
I'll come again.
[chuckles] That day can't get
here soon enough!
[RYOMA]
Thank you for helping me.
It was my pleasure,
but I should be thanking you!
That was quite a donation!
[RYOMA]
Well, I wanted to give it.
Paid my dues and respects,
so now it's back to work!
[CUSTOMERS chattering]
[RYOMA] So, were you guys
able to manage even though
I came in a little
later than usual?
Everything's going great!
The new workers stepped up.
They've got a fairly good
grasp on their jobs now.
Always nice to hear.
That's awesome!
[FEI]
Yes, but is that it?
Surely there's something
else you wish to discuss
with all of us.
Yes, there is, and though
it may seem a bit random,
it's about our windows.
Just think, if somebody
wanted to break in
it would be a cinch
for them, wouldn't it?
[FEI] Were they armed
with a hammer or axe,
it would be pretty simple, yes.
[LI LING] We plan our security
detail with that in mind.
I appreciate you for
being so vigilant,
but what if we made the
windows harder to break?
It'd make things more
difficult for crooks,
yet much easier for
you to protect us.
I'm thinking of replacing
our glass windowpanes
with these beauts.
They're super durable.
[ALL gasp]
It looks tough but may I also
test it out, Manager?
Absolutely! Go for it!
And there's no need to
hold back since I have
a couple of spares.
[FEI]
If I may, sir.
[LI LING]
Here goes!
[vocalizing]
Impressive.
She hasn't made
a single crack in it.
I take it you're the inventor
of this new marvel?
That's correct.
I could see this being a
very successful product,
should you market it.
Yeah, I don't doubt
it for a second.
It isn't my intent to sell
these things, though.
It's a little tricky to
mass-produce them.
Oh. I see.
Sorry for assuming, sir.
All right.
Use your enhancement
magic on it, Li Ling.
If you insist!
They really are super durable!
Passed my mega-punch
test, at least.
Intruders will be in
for a big surprise
if you put these
on the first floor!
Although, it'd be just
as tough to break out
as it is to break in, sir.
If we get cornered,
we won't have the option
of escaping through a window.
Oh.
Yeah, that is a
major disadvantage.
I didn't even think of that!
[FEI] But there's no denying
how useful it would be
in preventing intruders.
I say we take out
some of the windows
around the shop and
put these in instead,
placed strategically.
We'll think like thieves
and plan around possible
break-in points.
Now there's an idea!
Let's vote.
All in favor of
replacing some windows
with tougher ones, say "Aye."
[GROUP]
Aye!
It's settled.
I'll start right away then.
Right away?
What about your meeting with the
Morgan Trading Company today?
You have an appointment
with Mister Serge later.
Oh! I nearly forgot!
You can just leave the
construction project to us.
[LI LING]
Mm-hmm!
Thanks for the help.
It's in your hands.
Oh, Manager?
There's one last thing I'd
like to address with you.
Okay.
What do you think about
opening up a second shop
in a neighboring town?
Ah...
Honestly, I think it's still
a bit too soon for that.
I disagree sir.
Since we now have more manpower,
will you at least
reconsider your decision?
We do have more workers.
Sure, I'll think about it.
[RYOMA] I only just started
living by myself here in Gimul.
It feels way too early for me
to set up a laundry service
in a different town.
Baby steps.
For now, I'll prioritize
building better relationships
within Gimul.
[SERGE]
Welcome, Mister Ryoma.
It's good to see you.
[RYOMA]
Likewise, Mister Serge.
Believe it or not, I came
here as a shopper today.
I'm at your service.
What exactly is it you need?
Containers to store medicine.
Do you sell large
quantities of bottles?
You're buying in bulk?
Very smart.
You think?
I just like to be prepared.
As I'm sure you
figured out by now,
adventurers are prone to injury,
so I wanna stockpile
some remedies.
hence my quest for bottles.
Nothing wrong with that.
But if the only thing on
your shopping list today
is a large amount of bottles,
I suggest you register
as a chemist at
the Merchant's Guild.
Once you do, you'll
be able purchase them
at a discount from the
wholesaler, through the Guild.
You see?
What an interesting new hobby.
So, you want to use these
bottles to store medicine,
do you, boy?
That's the plan. Mister Serge
said registering as a chemist
would get me the best deal.
I imagine it would, yes,
but have you the talent
it takes to qualify?
Uh, I'd like to think so.
This one is an antidote,
and this is a disinfectant.
Ah-ha.
You're pretty good, kid.
These check out.
If you can crank out medicine
like this on the regular,
perhaps you can live
as a chemist, as well.
[RYOMA] Good to know,
but I think I'll pass for now.
Yes. Your current career
path should be leading you
straight to the doorstep of
your second laundry store.
--[RYOMA] Huh?
--Should it not?
[RYOMA]
Well, um...
Funny you should mention it,
since one of my staff members
was just saying
the exact same thing,
but isn't it still
too soon for that?
[GLISSELA]
And who's the judge of that?
'Cause if you ask me,
I think you would do just fine
with another shop.
[RYOMA]
You do, huh?
Oh.
Are you, perhaps,
hesitating because you don't
have the necessary funds?
Selling your medicines could
be a nice side business
to help with that.
And as a favor to you,
I'd be willing to buy
your whole stock.
What? All of them?
[GLISSELA] Just goes to
show how high my hopes are
for you, boy.
I'll do it someday, but doing it
now doesn't feel right.
[bird caws]
A limour bird!
Must be a letter from Elia!
[ELIARIA]
Dear Mister Ryoma,
thank you for your
thoughtful letter!
Things are finally settling down
after my long journey home,
so I wanted to take this
chance to write you back.
My family is as happy
and healthy as ever.
You'll be glad to know
the slimes you graciously
lent to me are also doing well.
I'm delighted you're
working just as hard
as you were when I left,
and I'm motivated
to do my best, too,
because of it.
[RYOMA] But am I really
giving it my best?
What do you think about
opening up a second shop
in a neighboring town?
And who's the judge of that?
'Cause if you ask me,
I think you would do
just fine with another shop.
[RYOMA]
A second shop!
Elia.
Thanks for giving me
the push I needed!